Nini
Brother, why are you here?
I rarely go back to China
Can't you come and see my dear sister?
Congratulations!
Became the head of the Qiao family
Even you make fun of me
Okay. You can come any time. I welcome you any time.
Hey
Miss the flowers you like
From now on, our yard will be planted with flowers
This flower looks a little withered
Throw it away, what are you doing?
I just picked it from the yard
Nian Nian clearly likes it very much
Oh, Master Qiao, can't you even afford flowers?
Oh, you two, stop arguing.
Why is it that every time we meet, you just leave it alone?
Ok two childish
Then you taste it slowly
OK
Oh, right.
I remember that Master Qiao said he wanted to have a blind date with you
Didn't you just come back?
Call your grandfather
Nangong Ye, you are despicable
After all, you are also my brother-in-law
I am your brother
Hey, is it Grandpa Qiao?
Yancheng is back
He changed his mind.
Looking for a home
He wants to find a home
My wife likes flowers so much
Did you hear?
Chairperson of Nangong Ye Birthday Group
The beloved group president
It's Mrs. Nangong
I heard that he is not only Mrs. Nangong
The richest man in the country.
Joe's daughter
The current head of the Qiao family
So awesome
It was Nangong Group that was in crisis
When Nangong Ye had a car accident
It was this lady who turned the tide
The most amazing